Ye Ri.
Are you okay? What's going on?
What are you wearing?
Run, Eun Ho.
He's behind you.
Long time no see, Eun Ho.
You are...
I gave her...
the clothes as my present.
She looks good in it, right?
You are a psycho.
Don't push my buttons. You better leave now.
Don't. This is too dangerous.
Close your eyes and count to 10.
I will end this in 10 seconds.
You jerk.
You piece of jerk.
You better stay quiet.
I will take this off if you promise you will stay quiet.
Do you remember...
the first day we met?
All right. The psychology of the criminals.
A German profiler, Niche, said this.
I fell in love with you at first sight.
I could see you were hiding something.
Your mysterious image caught my attention.
They're born with it.
Excuse me.
Sorry to interrupt you.
I want to be your friend.
- May I have your number? - What?
Hey.
Sorry.
Byung Cheol.
It's refreshing.
Can I take this?
You can take it all.
Goodness.
What's wrong? I am Byung Cheol.
I don't know who you are.
Who are you? You pervert.
- You pervert. - You kept playing with me.
You pervert.
I didn't know why you were doing that.
I was so...
excited.
You trained me like a keeper.
The more you trained me, the deeper I fell in love with you.
It was...
so thrilling. It was my first time to feel that way.
This is crazy.
What?
Nothing.
You told me not to phone you again.
I even left the college to forget about you.
But you kept doubting me for harassing Eun Ho.
This is all because of you.
You came between us.
We wouldn't have had problems if it weren't for you.
Byung Cheol, calm down.
Please listen to me.
We study psychology.
Let's discuss this problem in a psychological way.
Hey. What are you doing?
Don't worry.
I will only hit your face.
Please don't do this.
Don't.
It's going to hurt. Clench your teeth.
No. Don't do it.
Ye Ri.
Ye Ri. Ye Ri.
Wake up, Ye Ri.
Ye Ri.
Are you awake? Are you okay?
I am not okay.
It hurts a lot.
It would have been worse if my pretty face got hurt.
Are you Ju Ri?
You are so dumb.
If you finished your relationship with Ye Ri like I told you,
this wouldn't have happened.
Why did you put yourself into this?
It's all because of you.
He was so giving to me...
whenever I treated him nicely.
So I was going to stop meeting him after a while.
I didn't know he would be a stalker like this.
Don't.
At first, I thought he was just a slow-witted person.
Gosh. He was a pervert.
Be quiet.
What?
Calm down, pervert.
Sorry...
but I love you.
No.
- Are you okay, Ju Ri? - Yes.
I will you kill you if you hurt her.
He's charming.
What are you going to do about this?
Tell me. What are you going to do?
- What are you going to do? - I will do as you say.
I will do everything as you say, so stop.
You will do everything?
Really?
No.
Yes. I promise.
But...
- Nothing. - What is it?
What were you going to say?
I can't say it. He's watching.
I'm shy to say it.
What is it? Tell me.
Lend me your ears.
Pervert deserves beating.
This is what I wanted to say. Do you understand?
Get up. He's down.
I won't forgive you in the name of justice.
Ta-da.
How could you pretend like...
you were dating my friend even if you were angry?
If you do this again, I will give you a hard time.
You have to answer your phone right away whenever I phone you.
I hate when a guy is so obsessive.
Obsession is love's another name.
That's why...
I am obsessed with you.
What are you saying?
You are so obsessed.
Gosh. I was about to finish him.
Enjoy your time in jail.
What are you looking at?
Ye Ri. What's going on?
Nice to see you again, Yeo Jin.
Have you been well?
What?
Don't you know how to greet people?
What's happened to your face, Eun Ho? Did you get in a fight?
Nothing.
Eun Ho.
You have to go to the hospital.
Okay.
And Ye Ri.
You have to come with me to the police station...
and write a statement.
No. I want to stay with Eun Ho.
I think I am in love with Eun Ho.
What?
Hey.
Are you okay?
What's going on?
Why did you do that? I am sorry, Eun Ho.
Eun Ho. What happened to your face?
I am okay.
- Hey. - Yes?
You look so happy today.
There was something that bothered me for a long time.
But it started to work out.
I have a feeling that it will work out well.
It's quite late now.
I need to start closing up the store.
I was about to leave too.
There is a new noodle place just across the road.
Do you want to go there with me?
I will take you to the bus station.
Just give me five minutes.
- Hey. - Yes?
- The girlfriend you mentioned... - Yes.
What is her name?
Why do you ask?
I was just curious.
I don't understand.
You said Ju Ri appears when you get proposed in front of people.
Then why did she appear earlier?
I think I was too nervous.
I didn't want you to get hurt.
Ju Ri...
only appears when someone calls her.
When the person is standing in front of my eyes.
And...
when I get nervous or excited...
because of the person.
Good then.
Don't get nervous or excited...
when you are with me.
Then we are good, right?
I am not a monk.
She will appear as soon as I lose my senses.
Okay. Then tell her to come out. I don't care.
You can't take her.
She will try everything she can...
in order to make us fall apart.
I can take her.
- You can't. - I can.
Can you really take her?
You don't know it.
There are so many clothes like this in my closet.
There are so many things that I don't even know.
I wear this kind of clothes without my knowledge.
And I walk around doing weird things.
I can't even take it.
How are you going to take this?
What's wrong with that?
I like you so much.
Ye Ri.
Whether you're Sailor Moon or not, I still like you.
Even if you wear worse costumes...
or you do even worst things,
it doesn't matter to me.
No matter what, I like you so much.
I don't think I can live without seeing you anymore.
I feel the same.
It feels like my heart will blow because I like you so much.
If you lose your senses,
Ju Ri might appear, right?
No.
It takes a while for her to appear. Why?
Then I can do this now.
Do what?
This is not right though.
I think this isn't right.
How am I going to let you sleep in that house?
It's also not right to be with you tonight as well.
I can take things slowly.
What if someone hears you?
Gosh.
What? There are only two of us.
Get out. This is my room.
Take this.
If there is anything you need, just ask me.
Thank you, Mr. Kim.
And I am sorry.
There's nothing to be sorry about. You did a great job today. Rest now.
Get out. What are you doing here?
Get out. You should rest now.
- Let's go. Sleep tight. - Yes.
Come.
Good night. Dream of me tonight.
Dream of me too.
- Come. - Get out.
They are crazy.
I am very sensitive in my sleeping so please be careful.
Okay.
Good night.
Sorry.
May I borrow your clothes?
She's so cute.
Are you sleeping?
- No. I can't sleep now. - Why not?
I think it's because this isn't my house.
I can't sleep either.
My heart flutters because of you.
(I can't sleep either. My heart flutters because of you.)
Don't worry about anything from now on.
Byung Cheol is gone, and everything will be okay.
(Byung Cheol is gone, and everything will be okay.)
Okay. Thank you.
Good night.
You too.
They were texting each other all night long.
That's why I could not sleep.
Is she going to stay at your place from now on?
No. I won't let her.
She will move out as soon as she finds a place to stay.
Will she?
Did she sort out her stalker?
I think so.
That's so scary.
Isn't it right to wish the best for the person that you like?
I didn't know this, but it was her stalker...
who hurt Eun Ho's hand.
He broke the bike too.
He's crazy.
Why would he do such things?
You're right.
You're so handsome.
Cheers.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
I didn't expect Byung Cheol to do such things.
He looks like a nerd,
but he was actually a double-faced man.
You guys are wasting the drinks.
Is it okay for you to drink?
It's okay. This isn't a lot.
She can drink a lot.
She drinks more than Ju Ri.
Unless Ye Ri gets sexually attracted to you...
and loses her senses,
Ju Ri won't be appearing at this moment.
Who is Ju Ri?
Gosh. Just eat this.
Isn't that Mr. Kim?
What?
- I had a girlfriend. - I think he's drunk.
We broke up today.
We decided to stay as friends. I am sad.
Did something happen to him?
Let's join him.
- What? - Why?
He might pay for our drinks.
He won't ask us to pay. He's our professor.
Okay. Let's do that.
We can cheer him up and he might let you stay longer with us.
- It's okay. - Hey.
Let's go.
Can you not hear me?
Mr. Kim.
What are you guys doing here?
You can stay there for a long time.
Guys are so funny.
- Drink. - Drink.
Why are you drinking so much?
Did something happen to you?
What?
Hey, you jerk.
You think you know everything?
You don't. You only know what women think.
You only know what women think.
Did you all know this?
If he holds a woman's hand like this,
he knows what that woman's thinking.
I think he's so drunk.
Stop it now.
Hey.
We decided to stay as friends. We should not do this.
- Hey. - My love.
Wake up.
I can't forget about you.
Why are you drinking so much today?
I walked around a lot today, so the drinks taste even better.
You should not get drunk. It's so crowded here too.
Don't worry. I won't get drunk.
I am so tired today, so my heart won't beat fast.
Stop nagging and just drink.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
Put your hands up
Drink it up and look at those people
Feel it and look at those people
Laugh and look at those people
Where? Right here
Right here
Right here, right here, right here
Hello.
Nice to see you all.
It has been a year...
since we opened this pub.
We've prepared...
10 admission tickets as a present.
Well, it's not for free.
On this stage right here,
if anyone shows off...
his fantastic skills,
I will give the present away.
Anyone?
- Hey. - Yes?
- Go there. - Me?
- Hurry. - I don't want to.
Are you going to pay for all these drinks? Just go.
Anyone?
- Me. - There is someone.
Please give him a round of applause.
- Come out. - Go for it.
- Go for it. - Yoo Sik.
Thank you for participating.
- He's so handsome. - Eun Ho. Try it as well.
Why?
- You should participate. - No.
Go. Try it.
Go for it.
- We'll begin it right now. - Go.
- Are you ready? - Yes.
We will start with the music.
- There is another participant. - Good. There's one more.
Please give him a round of applause.
We will begin the competition now.
Please start the music.
Yoo Sik, you're awesome.
You guys rock.
My heart flutters.
Calm down, Ye Ri.
Until the day when the East Sea's waters and Baekdusan Mountain are...
dry and worn away
God will help us
Hurrah to our country
Scream.
Gosh.
- You guys are great. - Gosh.
Ye Ri. What's wrong?
Ye Ri.
Ye Ri. Wake up.
- Ye Ri. Wake up. - Is there anyone...
who can dance better than these two men?
- Wake up. - Anyone?
- Anyone? - Bring it on.
- Ye Ri. - Bring it on.
- Wake up. - Bring it on.
We will finish the competition then.
- Okay. - Okay.
I will participate.
There is a lady. Please give her a round of applause.
Ju Ri, are you drunk?
Yes, yes, and yes.
I am so drunk.
You are drunk. This isn't good.
Are you guys having fun?
Are you ready to enjoy your night?
- Yes. - Yes.
Hey DJ, drop the beat.
Yes, yes, yes
Until the day when the East Sea's waters and Baekdusan Mountain are...
God will help us
Hurrah to our country
Put your hands up
- Hurrah to our country - Stop.
Hurrah to our country
- Hurrah to our country - Hurrah to our country
Until it's dry and worn out
Do something about her? It's so embarrassing.
- Are you ready? - Yes.
- Are you having fun? - Yes.
Yes. Okay.
- Listen carefully. - Hold on.
Until the day when the East Sea's waters and Baekdusan Mountain are...
Go and check on her.
Hey, are you okay?
Hey.
What's going on?
Eun ho?
Let go of me.
There's nothing wrong with that.
You can get crazy when you are drunk.
That's what most people would think.
- What? - The rap you did earlier.
Until the day when the East Sea's waters and Baekdusan Mountain are...
That was so funny.
I am sorry.
I won't make fun of you.
Yes!
Stop it already.
People won't see it weirdly...
since you were just drunk.
It's better than throwing up from the carriage like last time.
Nothing.
Why did Ju Ri appear?
It's all because you like me so much.
It's not good.
You will fall in love with me deeper and deeper.
Ye Ri.
- More. - Here's more.
You are so cute.
Yes.
Until the day when the East Sea's waters and Baekdusan Mountain are...
There is Mr. Kim.
He's drunk.
Yes.
Until the day when the East Sea's... Go to your own bedrooms.
Go to your own bedrooms.
- Gosh. - Go to your own bedrooms.
I told you to go to your own bedrooms.
You should go.
I should.
You want to get something like this?
- Yes. - He's drunk.
What do you mean? It wasn't the police who came?
On the day when your bike broke,
Byung Cheol was in Daegu for his family ceremony.
We have the evidence.
And look.
Byung Cheol was at a hospital for being sick at this time.
We checked his record too.
Who can it be?
Do you know the bridge connected to the library on third floor?
He came in from that way.
You have to have a student's card to enter there.
It means he might have entered from the library.
[VIU Ver] E06 Meloholic "Staying Close Together"
-= Ruo Xi =-
That's how he entered.
It's likely...
that the culprit studies at Eunha University.
You two should be careful.
Gosh.
And?
So you are saying...
that you will stay here until we catch the culprit?
No, sir.
I will just rent a room.
No.
The police told us to stay close.
He told us to be careful. He didn't mean us to stay close.
Okay.
One thing.
There's nothing free.
- Joo Seung. - Gosh.
Thank you so much.
- Let me go. - Is it okay for me to stay?
Don't worry about it.
Let me go. Please don't hug me.
Don't worry.
I am planning to...
give you a lot of jobs while you stay at my house.
Hey, hey
Wash up.
Alvin Toffler said this.
"Korean students learn knowledge..."
"that won't be necessary in the future."
"They are wasting their precious time. They are all crazy."
Do you even know who Alvin Toffler is?
Are you really one of the top 10 students for mock exam?
But why did you retake the exam for three years?
(Test ID Slip)
Students taking the exam get 50 percent off, right?
Is the exam over already?
It's only 1pm.
I skipped it.
Okay. The answer for this question is...
hidden in this word.
Which is the answer then?
"Several"?
Gosh. I didn't know there were such questions.
I should take a photo of it and upload on my SNS.
I will become famous on SNS.
Shall we take a rest?
"Several".
This is my limit.
Why?
You said you saw it when you held her hand.
Didn't you see why or when that started happening to her?
Well, I didn't get to see that part.
Ye Ri.
Hey. Wake up.
Are you shocked?
- Hey. I am... - Yes?
Nothing.
Jerk.
Anyway, Ye Ri went through a lot because of Ju Ri.
Ju Ri did everything to make guys leave Ye Ri.
Really?
As I hear about it more and more,
it's not that she has arrhenophobia.
(About Double Personality)
(Main Symptoms)
(Study of Dissociative Identity Disorder)
(Sleeping Difficulty)
Eun Ho.
It was you. You called my name.
I didn't call you.
Never mind.
I was having a nightmare.
You called my name, so I could wake up.
A nightmare?
A nightmare.
I get this same nightmare quite often.
Do you mean you dream of the incident that happened...
three years ago?
Min Jung told me.
What a jerk. He deserves a punishment.
I heard this from somewhere.
"Truth is like the sun."
"You can shut it out for a time, but it won't go away."
So I am saying that...
you will be able to remember his face someday.
He will get caught one day.
And he will have to pay for what he has done.
Ever since that day,
I've hated holding people's hands.
You are different.
I can't help but to hold your hands.
I can't stop myself from touching your hands.
It's same for me.
I like you, Eun Ho.
Are you Ju Ri?
You are so tasty.
Good morning.
Gosh.
I like it here.
What's going on?
Oh my gosh. Unbelievable.
These are new editions.
I love this place.
Did you say your parents are living abroad?
America?
Yes.
America.
Does this house belong to...
- you? - "You"?
- Don't smile. - I wasn't smiling.
This is also new.
Hey.
She's very different.
Why did this happen though?
We were... No. Nothing.
I don't know.
Ju Ri. Give Ye Ri back.
No. I want to be with you.
I missed you a lot.
Whatever.
Let go. You have to go back in.
- I don't want to. - You must.
- Bye, honey. - Bye.
Did something happen? Do we have an ambulance?
You are crazy.
Let me sleep.
It looks delicious.
It's tasty.
I love this.
I think this place is famous for this.
This is so delicious, right?
I am spending a lot of money.
Stop eating.
It's not your body.
Let go.
I don't know when I can come out again. I should eat when I can.
I can't believe I let this happen.
It seemed like you were enjoying it a lot. Now tell me.
Did you enjoy doing it with Ye Ri or with me?
- You better be quiet. - What?
How do you know that though?
I am different from Ye Ri.
Even when I'm not out, I can see what she's up to.
Everything.
Why do you like such a stubborn girl?
Leave her.
Even if you try to make us break up,
- I will never break up with her. - Go out with me.
It will be much more fun if you go out with me.
What? Ju Ri.
I love it.
I love it when you call...
my name.
No.
- Are you okay, Ju Ri? - Yes.
I will kill you if you hurt her.
I think...
I started having feelings for you from that night.
You should do something about it.
I should eat him before Ye Ri does.
What's wrong?
She eats so well.
There's another person inside of me.
You should do something about my feelings for you.
You should catch me.
Hey.
No. It's not what you guys think.
You got it wrong.
I'm not that kind of a person.
Good.
I love this.
Gosh.
This is my style.
This is so sexy. I should wear this next time when I go clubbing.
This is Ye Ri's.
Oh my gosh.
I love this.
I will take these.
What? Are you going to buy them all? Do you have money?
I have money.
- Here's my card. - Yes.
This is Ye Ri's.
Ye Ri's money is mine, and Ye Ri's clothes are mine too.
Here's my card.
Sorry.
We will only take this one.
Ye Ri wants to buy these.
Ju Ri wants these.
Please let me buy these.
No. How would Ye Ri feel when she finds out about this?
She can't even work because of you.
Just take this one. It suits you.
This is unbelievable.
Okay. I will buy it for you.
So please just go back in, okay?
Thank you, Eun Ho.
Buy me something else too.
No.
Sorry.
Can we also take that one?
That one? It's so pretty.
That's for Ye Ri.
It looks good on me too.
It sure does.
I love these.
Don't you know it?
Is there someone else who would do such thing other than Byung Cheol?
I don't know. Young Chul? Min Ho?
Eun Sung?
Can it be...
David?
Who is David?
There isn't anyone who would do such thing.
How about your disappeared ex-boyfriend?
What if he came back to be with you?
But then he saw me next to you, so he got jealous.
Kim Sun Ho can't hurt Ye Ri.
Never.
Sun Ho? Is that his name?
I'm going to the bathroom.
What's wrong with her?
Are you saying he's different from others?
I'm jealous now.
It can't be Sun Ho.
Because he...
What's wrong? Did you throw up?
I told you to stop eating.
Ye Ri.
You're back. Are you okay?
Eun Ho.
I don't feel well.
You have an upset stomach.
You ate...
Ju Ri ate a lot earlier.
Okay.
You two spent the whole day today then.
Yes. We did.
I was watching her because she might cause trouble.
Didn't she irritate you?
I am sure she did everything she could to make you leave me.
Right.
I think...
I started having feelings for you from that night.
You should do something about it.
What?
Nothing happened.
This won't work.
It seems like you need some medication.
- I am fine now. - No.
You will be in pain in your sleep.
I will be back soon.
Where are you going?
Get me some rice cakes. I want to have them while studying.
Hi.
She's so mean.
It hurts.
It's raining.
It's so pretty.
Hey.
Can't I borrow this once?
You can borrow something else.
Not this one though.
I was only asking.
I will look nice in it.
Who is it?
Is there someone you like?
Is he from your school?
I don't hang out with those childish guys.
There's someone.
He's very mysterious.
You should introduce him to me one day.
I will see.
Hey.
But shouldn't Eun Ho be wearing that necklace?
What?
The bike incident and the locker incident...
were meant to attack Eun Ho.
The stalker is trying to hurt Eun Ho.
Not you.
This shortcut is so dark.
Why is there no light?
I got you.
Who are you?
(Meloholic)
I like you.
Eun Ho likes Ju Ri.
I am not cheating.
It is cheating.
You should tell me that you want to be with me, not Ye Ri.
I hate feeling jealous of her.
Yes. It was Sun Ho.
He's the murderer.
Just wait a little longer.
I will find the owner.
I should stop him from finding Sun Ho.
Otherwise, Ye Ri and I will be done.
Where is Sun Ho?